hey Internet ma'am I hope you guys are
doing great today nothing is like
extremely wrong with me or anything I'm
just a little thing I wanted to say I'm
just up front I'm going to be taking
just a two or three-day like daily
vlogging hiatus and I'll be back next
week don't worry don't worry I love
daily vlogging i love this relationship
i have built with you guys it's like the
best thing ever i'm just going to take a
short break and because a little
confession at her since I moved out of
my nashville apartment in May in May
yeah half of my stuff has been in
storage the entire time I've been
traveling a lot basically living out of
a suitcase living out of you know
friends apartments and it like takes a
toll on you to not have your home or
your place or your stuff to come back to
is hard and like a good analogy is you
know that jumper that you have in your
living room or kitchen where you just
put all your crap in and you can never
find anything useful but it's just the
junk drawer um I feel like like my life
/ brain has been just kind of like a big
version of a junk drawer and I'm slowly
getting things together and honestly fan
like the past three months of my life
have been amazing like amazing
experiences like ever I've met the most
amazing people i have been able to just
collaborate so many ways and been able
to
filmmaker youtuber internet or just all
the things it has just been so so
amazing everything just from you know
I'm growing the YouTube channel to
getting Adobe Creative residency and
doing projects with Adobe and stuff like
that I mean it's been it's been amazing
but just I've reached a point where i
have i have so many irons in the fire
right now and i'll definitely be
updating you guys on a lot of exciting
stuff coming up soon but there are just
so many irons in the fire right now
personal and professional that it has
all kind of just like built up so this
one moment and kind of exploded life is
slightly overwhelming right now trying
to figure out you know my apartment
situation i have a lot of traveling
ahead of me so I just need a couple days
to just try to get things sim I
organized get my brain in a place that
I'm prepared for some of the traveling
and I have a head so I'm like speaking
engagements and stuff but yeah I'm still
going to be doing you now live streams
and then other live streams I come this
week and next week so you can follow me
on twitter follow me on you now follow
me on Facebook some for some lanterns
there I'm going to keep live streaming
um but just daily vlogging and we'll be
back next week don't worry I'm not I'm
not gonna leave you guys I love you guys
just gonna take a little break to
breathe to breathe a little bit um cuz i
know you you don't want like cranky
sassy syrup sassy sara is not fun have
you guys have a fabulous day and a
fabulous week what's something that you
just need to just pause and take care of
productive human being go get ish done
for sue remove your hopes and dreams and
talents I'm here for you you can do it
anyways love you guys I will see you
next week I'll see you in some live
streaming and the very near future and
yeah see you next week jpg okay today
I'm moving into my apartment but the
movers are ahead of schedule and I'm
behind schedule so I got